The majority think that schools should offer cash bonuses for good test scores. Some believe that it would motivate students to perform better, while others argue that it would become the main goal of achievement and take away from other important aspects of education. A minority thinks that it is bribery and would fail on multiple fronts, while others are not sure about it. Some have left school and are no longer relevant to the topic.
The majority think that the UK unemployment rate has fallen to a five-year low at 6.8% and the number of people in work has risen to a record high of 30.43 million. Some, however, point out that the drop in unemployment is due to an increase in self-employment, which may be part-time and low-paid. A minority also argue that the unemployment rate has fallen because of an increase in people claiming unemployment benefits.
The majority think that the escape of 89 inmates from Ford Open Prison in Sussex is a significant issue, with many commenting on the lack of security and staff at the prison. A minority believe that open prisons are a poor idea and that the escape of prisoners from one is not surprising. Some commentators also question the safety of the public in light of the escape.
The majority think that cancer treatment has not improved since the NHS reorganisation, with more people waiting over 62 days for treatment and cancer treatment targets being missed. A minority believe that the treatment has improved, with a 15% increase in the number of people treated.
The majority think that mass immigration is a contributing factor to the housing crisis, while a minority argue that immigration is not the root cause or that changing family structures and household size should be addressed instead. Some also believe that it is basic math that you can't have mass immigration and expect lots of housing to be available.
The majority of the documents express disappointment and concern for Suzie Wolff's oil pressure problem during the F1 race at Silverstone. Many believe that it was a major setback for Wolff's first foray in an F1 car at an F1 weekend, and some are critical of the team's performance. A minority of the documents express hope that the problem is fixable, and some are sympathetic to Wolff's situation.
The majority think Norway is under an imminent terror threat from Syrian Islamists, and the government is increasing security measures. A minority find it surprising and concerning, while others are skeptical of the severity of the threat. Some question the use of the terror narrative in political agendas.
The majority think Israel killed six Egyptian soldiers on the border, while some express irony or frustration at the situation. A minority believe the deaths are not as significant as the deaths of Palestinian civilians, while others speculate on the potential response of the Egyptian government. There are also conflicting reports on the number of casualties on both sides.
The majority think that Bolivia has declared Israel to be a terrorist state, while a minority believe that the declaration is not valid or that Israel is not a terrorist state. Some documents express support for the declaration, while others criticize it. There are also opinions about the complicity of governments in the actions of Israel, and the need for a definition of a terrorist state.
The majority think that Rolf Harris was involved in a prison fight and was spat on by a fellow inmate. A minority think that the news is unbelievable and that he has been lucky.
The majority of the documents express disappointment or disapproval of the NHS' decision to reject the new breast cancer drug, Kadcyla, due to its high cost. Some documents express frustration with the government's prioritization of money over the lives of cancer patients. A minority of the documents question the efficacy of the drug or suggest that other factors may have influenced the decision.
The majority of the documents express a range of opinions on mental illness, depression, and suicide, including the need for education and awareness, the complexity of depression, and the stigma surrounding mental illness. Some people view the media's coverage of these issues as simplistic and harmful, while others believe that it is necessary to raise awareness. There are also opinions on the role of education in addressing mental illness, as well as the need to understand and validate the experiences of those who suffer from it.
The majority think watching a murder video could be a criminal offence, while a minority disagrees, arguing that it is not illegal and that the government's focus should be on more pressing issues. Some also question the Met Police's warning and criticize the media for giving the video publicity.
The majority think that Miley Cyrus' decision to have a homeless man accept her VMA award was a noble and heartwarming gesture, while a minority are skeptical of her motives or think it was a publicity stunt. Some appreciate the attention given to homeless youths, while others find it unnecessary.
The majority of the tweets and documents express support or positive sentiment towards Nick Clegg's pledge to put mental health on par with physical health in the NHS. Many people are happy to see the issue finally being addressed after a long time, and some believe it to be a landmark moment. A minority of tweets, however, express skepticism or criticism towards Clegg's motives, suggesting that he may be pandering to public opinion or trying to save his job. Some also point to his previous inaction or lack of influence in preventing the reductive mental health reforms implemented by David Cameron. Overall, the consensus seems to be that Clegg's speech was well-received and brought attention to the issue of mental health care.
The majority of the documents express shock and condemnation of the Taliban attack on a military school in Pakistan, which killed 5 people and wounded 36. Some express concern about the safety of children and the militarization of schools. A minority of the documents question the appropriateness of having a military school or express sympathy for the Taliban's motives.
The majority think that cutting funding for cancer treatments will lead to shorter life expectancy and negatively affect cancer patients. A minority believe that self-referral schemes and early diagnosis can improve cancer treatment outcomes.
The majority think that increased support for military personnel and charities is necessary, with many calling for more funding and resources to be allocated towards these causes. Some believe that the current level of support is insufficient, and that more needs to be done to assist former military service personnel and regimental charities. A minority, on the other hand, are critical of military spending and believe that the focus should be on other areas rather than supporting the military.
The majority think that crashing a plane intentionally and killing 150 innocent passengers is a terrorist attack, regardless of the pilot's religion or background. A minority believe that terrorism is only an act aimed at achieving a political or religious goal and that if there is no evidence of a pilot's links to terrorist organizations or extremist views, then it is not a terrorist attack. Some also mention that the word "terrorist" should be used regardless of the perpetrator's religion or background.
The majority think that integrated health and social care is necessary and that the Better Care Fund of £5.3bn can help achieve this goal. They also believe that mental health and social care need to be prioritized and adequately funded. Some disagree with the privatization of social care and criticize the Health and Social Care Act. A minority believe that the funding for social care is not enough and that there are still issues of neglect and inadequate staffing in the health and social care system.
The majority think xenophobic violence in South Africa is a growing concern, while a minority believe it's a shame. The BBC News and UNHCR express their concern, while some individuals are sad and angry about the violence. The National team and UNISA students demand an end to the violence, and some Ugandans in South Africa take note of the situation.
The majority believe that male rape victims need support and funding, and that cutting funding for male rape charities is wrong. Some argue that rape is rape regardless of the gender of the victim, and that support should be provided to all victims. Others express frustration at the lack of attention and funding for male rape victims. A minority of opinions include jokes about rape, and some controversial statements about rape culture and religious beliefs.
The majority think that the use of the cold sore virus in treating cancer is promising, with some early successes reported in treating skin cancer cells. There are also discussions about the potential benefits of genetically engineered cold sore viruses and the use of Amgen's cold sore virus drug in treating cancer. A minority express concerns about genetic engineering and the use of viruses in cancer treatment.
The majority believe that Oscar Pistorius' early release from prison after serving only 10 months for killing his girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp, is a disgrace and an absolute failure of justice. A minority, however, are indifferent or even find it amusing.
The majority of the documents express sadness and pay tribute to Sir Christopher Lee as a legendary actor and screen villain, highlighting his roles in Hammer Horror films and as a Bond villain. A minority express disappointment or confusion about his passing, or discuss his role as a villain in other films. Some also mention his age and the loss of a great actor.
The majority think that the Charleston shooting was a hate crime motivated by racism, and that it's important to address the issue of gun crime. They criticize the excuses made for the shooter and the media's reluctance to label the crime as terrorism. Some also mention the need to address the issue of mental instability. A minority suggest that the shooting was the work of a deranged lunatic, and that all crimes should be addressed regardless of motive. They also mention the need for discussion on the issue of racism and its effects on both white and black people.
The majority think that terrorist attacks are terrible and cause harm to many people, and that the media's response to them can be problematic. Some people criticize the media for being quick to label attacks as "Islamist" or "terrorist" without knowing all the facts, while others point out that some attacks are not labeled as such even when there is evidence of terrorism involved. There is also criticism of the media for sensationalizing the attacks and using them to score political points. A minority of people argue that the media is not doing enough to prevent terrorism and that more spying and surveillance is needed. Some people also criticize the media for not condemning all terrorists equally, regardless of their race or religion.
The majority think that Thatcher's right to buy policy caused the housing crisis. They argue that the policy led to a significant reduction in social housing stock, which has left many communities short of homes. Some also argue that the policy's legacy is still felt today, as the housing market continues to struggle to meet demand. A minority believe that the policy did not cause the housing crisis, and that other factors such as economic conditions and population growth were responsible. Some also argue that the policy had positive effects, such as increasing home ownership.
The majority think that the refugee crisis is a humanitarian issue caused by outrages and that supporting refugees is a compassionate response. A minority believe that migration is not the solution, and that refugees should return to their home countries when it is safe.
The majority believe that Jeremy Corbyn is not happy with the shoot-to-kill policy for terror attacks and have expressed their disagreement through various means, including air rifles with tranquilizer darts and harsh language. A minority think that he is "negotiating with a machine gun", is not angry about the Paris terror attacks, and would prefer to use non-violent means to handle terrorists.
The majority think that the government should prioritize spending on homeless shelters, helping the poor, and funding for the NHS, while a minority believe that they should prioritize spending on defense and bombing people in Syria.
The accusations of terrorist sympathies towards Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonnell have been diverse opinions from various sources. The majority of the sources do not agree with the accusations, with some calling it a smear campaign and others stating that it is unfair to label millions of people as terrorist sympathizers. A minority of sources, including Tory minister Nicky Morgan, have used the accusations to further their political agendas.
The majority think the Leytonstone Tube station stabbing was a terrorist attack, based on the police's treatment of the incident as a terrorist incident and their investigation into potential terrorist motives. A minority express skepticism about the labeling of the incident as a terrorist attack, suggesting that it may have been motivated by other factors or that the label is being applied too broadly.
The majority of the documents express diverse opinions on the credibility of the anonymous email threat that forced the closure of over 1,000 public schools in Los Angeles. Some sources describe the threat as a hoax, while others argue that the city's decision to close the schools was an overreaction. The investigation into the threat is underway, and the public schools will reopen tomorrow after being closed today due to the threat.
The majority of the documents express sadness and shock at Lemmy's sudden death, with many commenting on his invincible image and the aggressiveness of the cancer that killed him. A minority express skepticism about the timeline of events, with some questioning how he could have been diagnosed and lost the battle so quickly.
The majority think Nemanja Vidic is one of the best center backs to have played in the Premier League and for Manchester United, and that his retirement is a sad day for the club. A minority believe that he may not have been as successful without his partnership with Rio Ferdinand, and that the Premier League will never see a better defensive partnership than Vidic and Ferdinand.
The majority of the opinions revolve around the positive impact of Leonardo DiCaprio's speech on climate change at the Oscars. Many people appreciate the actor's efforts in bringing climate change to the forefront and using the platform to raise awareness about the issue. There's a general consensus that DiCaprio's speech was well-timed and well-delivered, and it has inspired many people to take action against climate change. A minority of opinions, however, are critical of DiCaprio's speech. Some people believe that he is hypocritical for taking private jet flights in the past, and others think that he is trying to shoehorn climate change rhetoric into his speech. There are also some people who do not agree with the idea that climate change is a significant threat and think that other issues, such as population growth, are more important.
The majority of the posts express shock, sadness, and concern about the terrorist attacks in Brussels, with many expressing their condolences to the victims and their families. Some people also express frustration and anger towards the attackers and the state of the world, while others pray for peace and a end to violence. A minority of posts seem to blame the media for their coverage of the attacks or for not giving enough attention to other attacks.
The majority think that David Cameron's involvement in tax avoidance through his father's business interests is a scandal, and that he should publicly condemn it. A minority think that Cameron's stance on tax avoidance is hypocritical, given his previous criticism of Jimmy Carr's tax avoidance "arrangements." There are also opinions that the Panama Papers scandal exposes the need for governments to do more to counter tax avoidance, and that tax avoidance is a widespread issue affecting millions of people.
The majority think that the police should not apologize for using "Allahu Akbar" in terror training exercises as it is a common phrase used by terrorists and they should be as realistic as possible. A minority thinks that the police are being politically correct and should not have apologized, and that they should have been criticized for reinforcing Islamophobia.
The majority think that domestic violence is a serious issue that requires attention and sensitivity towards its victims. They believe that blaming the victims for their own abuse is not acceptable and that challenging rape culture is a crucial step towards preventing sexual violence. Some also believe that the media response towards domestic violence can be appalling and that alleged victims should be treated with the respect and support they deserve.A minority believe that it is unhelpful to discuss domestic violence allegations on social media and that it is important to release guides on how to behave after an attack. They also think that alleged domestic violence victims should not be judged for smiling or having a mental health diagnosis and that condoning violence and sending it to people questioning your intellect is misandrist. Some also believe that displays of violence against kids are acceptable and that it is nice to see adults teaching the little bastards a lesson. Additionally, some think that alleged victims should be treated with sensitivity and that they should not be blamed for their own abuse.
The majority think that the sentence given to the Stanford sexual assault perpetrator is too lenient and that rape should be treated with the same severity as murder. They also believe that rape culture is a real problem and that sexual assault cases should be given more attention. A minority thinks that the victim is partly to blame for the assault and that the punishment given to the perpetrator is justified.
The majority of the documents criticize Noel Edmonds for suggesting that a cancer patient's illness was caused by his 'negative attitude'. A minority of the documents refer to a study linking cancer to negative energy, and another study linking mobile phone radiation to cancer in rats.
The majority think that the Stanford rape case is a deeply disturbing and unjust incident that should not have happened to the victim. There are also calls for more severe punishment for the perpetrator. A minority express sympathy for the perpetrator and question the severity of the sentence. Some also mention other cases of sexual assault and rape in society.
The majority think that England fans were involved in violence in Marseille during Euro 2016, with reports of tear gas and police charging with shields. Some commentators have expressed sympathy for the police response, while others have criticized the fans for causing trouble. A minority have defended the fans, suggesting that the violence was overreacted or that they were simply having fun.
The majority think that it is alarming that anyone, including potential terrorists, can legally purchase an AR-15 assault rifle in the US. A minority believe that it is a matter of individual rights to own an assault rifle for self-defense.
The majority think that Qatar's treatment of rape victims and adultery charges is unfair and unjust, with many expressing shock and disbelief that such a country could host the World Cup. A minority suggest that the issue is not unique to Qatar and that rape victims are often treated poorly in many countries.
The majority of the documents express happiness and good wishes for the retiring person, while some express sadness and thankfulness for their memories. Citizens Advice warns about the cost of withdrawing money from a pension fund. Retirement experiences and support for people are also mentioned. The LFC fans express their gratitude for the player's achievements and sense of humor. Overall, the documents reflect the diverse opinions and emotions around the topic of retirement.
The majority think that assault weapons should be banned, as evidenced by statements such as "Enough is enough. Tell Congress to ban assault weapons NOW." and "Muslims & Christians in support of LGBT community. Republicans join Democrats to ban assault weapons.". However, a minority opposes this view, as indicated by statements such as "Good question. Why do some Americans love their assault rifles?" and "Add your name: Ban assault weapons!".
The majority think that Britain First is a terrorist organization and should be treated as such. A minority disagrees, arguing that the individual's actions do not necessarily reflect the ideology of the group, and that branding the group as a terrorist organization based on the individual's actions is unfair.
